if you're here now with the baiano
the up to the 2008 world cup four-time Brazilian champion champion takes the side
some icon of the Brazilian sport is that it is being the one that was sandra already
worked how will the shoe be after the bigger than the world-wide year
past
provided that at the time I was very lucky with the norms of clt also
best free translation
Liboa to the battery I ended up the entrance of the hills that second
but for the sake because of the good but only passes the first
and now taken case but is getting up to get first too
and now sum is new
in the confrontations with the happening but for sure it will be quarry
the one has in thick bark castro ferreira of the zêzere with the tie to
team operates in costa rica for today is also him and is one of the best
soldiers that Brazil has sewage worldwide and he conciliate very well loose in the games
because the Brazilian
how difficult is the association
1 how the script contemplates driving and the honda lock how it is
that's right
perhaps attracts them to stock marathoners
there were people who love the world circuit and will have for the Brazilian
cup everything happened at totally different time world circuit action dabó
virtually
so the adaptation is a bit
I'm missing out on the circuit
of the Brazilian but I really like pt in the Brazilian circuit
and to maintain a strong rhythm to the delegate
in view of the large wave line and also in northern Norway where the two
things bingo 0 I had particularly cooperated low down your career guess
this is a very great advance and so
that speaking of a foot until the spain demands
How does it work?
we work a lot the question at will and even at the time
has been a member of the
- always trying to look for this new knowledge and segala is not
then I am firm for the conditions of 11 thousand of income in the bay also that
It's who we meet for a lot of people. She thinks she does not have much honor anymore.
some reduction and one like any other place well let's wait for the signs
5 with missiles fired more than a few years ago I cried a lot, right?
then this exploration is to access the neighborhood paulas in the control areas in the
search for evidence he may have access to empirical knowledge water levels
and with the delegate valene citi coming from the rural areas quality livestock in our
will to the team that was in the front row in nascar to be always well
to colleagues and friends of alvin the public is seeing in rondônia game started
with the dissemination project
the saint-etienne himself who cassano interviewing stations is idle to vp
the pilot has offers which is very legal will buy more closely from the
my routine without dementia said wang
but not in seven areas through it which is much nicer
the inheritance more at 5 pm then
and we've been trying to get two
phase can not
and have a lot of can discovered on the bay coast and corn
and he not only from Bahia sturm graz day there is a lot of wave these things that brazil
does not have waves what is it is explicitly lying in search and
hehe discovers new pickets that has a lot to do with this level
deny approval of the written text
strengthens that in addition to competing the athlete must have an end to this strong
have to have a decoration of your forte I think this is quite important
role of the indian professional
sure think it was luck
is to search the
the perfection of the maneuvers
I think it complements a lot, that's what he said with the Championship of
c series
fashion but the cerol style
Mr
is the positioning of the fashion line of all and that one only complements the
other
leghari recently you have a serious concussion already how is it and
orixá is ready and practiced this procedure is already 100% counts as it is
What was I happy here?
I think I reacted and clucked and very boring always
7 on travel in action share site
is already part of the routine mendo athlete I think the athlete to attend the spill
of suffering
in action the nature reserve
always making treatment the presentation to the training and did another
defeat too
beach we keep 4 101 day in a landfill continues very physically
now the next stage to be a doctor but in that area with the
google thought then guys was pretty good
thank you and today congratulations and good luck the new law will cancel 2013